by RentAnAdviser.com
′Cause sometimes you just feel
tired‚ you feel weak
And when you feel weak you feel
like you want to just give up
But you gotta search within you‚ you
gotta find that inner strength
And just pull that shit out
of you and get that motivation
to not give up
And not be a quitter‚ no matter how
bad you want to just fall flat
on your face and collapse
′Til I collapse I am spilling these
raps long as you feel them
′Til the day that I drop you′ll never
say that I am not killing them
′Cause when I am not then I
am a stop pinning them
And I am not hip hop and
I am just not Eminem
Subliminal thoughts when
I am stop sending them
Women are caught in webs
spin and hock venom
Adrenaline shots of penicillin could
not get the illin′ to stop
Amoxicillin is just not real enough
The criminal cop killing
hip hop filling a
Minimal swap to cop millions
of Pac listeners
You are coming with me‚ feel it or not
You are gona fear it like I showed you
the spirit of god lives in us
You hear it a lot‚ lyrics that
shock‚ is it a miracle
Or am I just a product
of pop fizzing up
For shizzle my whizzle this
is the plot listen up
You Bizzles forgot Slizzle
does not give a fuck
′Til the roof comes off‚
till the lights go out
′Til my legs give out‚
can′t shut my mouth
′Til the smoke clears out
and my high perhaps
I am a rip this shit till
my bone collapse
′Til the roof comes off‚
till the lights go out
′Til my legs give out‚
can′t shut my mouth
′Til the smoke clears out
and my high perhaps
I am a rip this shit till
my bone collapse
Music is like magic there′s
a certain feeling you get
When You are real and you spit and
people are feeling your shit
This is your moment and every
single minute you spittin′
Trying to hold onto it ′cause
you may never get it again
So while You are in it try to
get as much shit as you can
And when your run is over just admit
when It is at it is end
′Cause I am at the end of my wit is
with half the shit that gets in
I got a list‚ here′s the order
of my list that It is in
It goes‚ Reggie‚ Jay Z‚
Tupac and Biggie
Andre from Outkast‚ Jada‚
Kurupt‚ Nas and then me
But in this industry I am the
cause of a lot of envy
So when I am not put on this list
the shit does not offend me
That′s why you see me walk around
like nothing′s bothering me
Even though half you people got
a fuckin problem with me
You hate it but you know respect
You have got to give me
The press′s wet dream like Bobby
and Whitney‚ Nate hit me
′Til the roof comes off‚
till the lights go out
′Til my legs give out‚
can′t shut my mouth
′Til the smoke clears out
and my high perhaps
I am a rip this shit till
my bone collapse
′Til the roof comes off‚
till the lights go out
′Til my legs give out‚
can′t shut my mouth
′Til the smoke clears out
and my high perhaps
I am a rip this shit till
my bone collapse
Soon as a verse starts I
eat at an MC′s heart
What is he thinking? Enough to
not go against me‚ smart
And it is absurd how people
hang on every word
I will probably never get the
props I feel I ever deserve
But I will never be served my
spot is forever reserved
If I ever leave earth that would
be the death of me first
′Cause in my heart of hearts I know
nothing could ever be worse
That′s why I am clever when I
put together every verse
My thoughts are sporadic‚ I
act like I am an addict
I rap like I am addicted to smack
like I am Kim Mathers
But I don′t want to go forth and
back in constant battles
The fact is I would rather sit
back and bomb some rappers′
So this is like a full blown attack
I am launching at them
The track is on some battling
raps who want some static
′Cause I don′t really think that the
fact that I am Slim matters
A plaque of platinum status is whack
if I am not the baddest
′Til the roof comes off‚
till the lights go out
′Til my legs give out‚
can′t shut my mouth
′Til the smoke clears out
and my high perhaps
I am a rip this shit till
my bone collapse
′Til the roof comes off‚
till the lights go out
′Til my legs give out‚
can′t shut my mouth
′Til the smoke clears out
and my high perhaps
I am a rip this shit till
my bone collapse
Until the roof (Until the roof)
The roof comes off (The
roof comes off)
Until my legs (Until my legs)
Give out from underneath
me (Underneath me‚ I)
I will not fall
I will stand tall
Feels like no one can beat me
www.RentAnAdviser.com